Added REORGANIZE PARTITION as a new feature (#11385)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

* Adding/Dropping the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type is unsupported. For more details about the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type, refer to [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md).
* Different types of indexes (`HASH|BTREE|RTREE|FULLTEXT`) are not supported, and will be parsed and ignored when specified.
* Table Partitioning supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, and `LIST` partitioning types. For the unsupported partition type, the `Warning: Unsupported partition type %s, treat as normal table` error might be output, where `%s` is a specific partition type.
* Table Partitioning also supports `ADD`, `DROP`, `TRUNCATE`, and `REORGANIZE` operations. Other partition operations are ignored. The following Table Partition syntaxes are not supported:
    - `PARTITION BY KEY`
    - `PARTITION BY LINEAR KEY`
    - `SUBPARTITION`

>     - `{CHECK|TRUNCATE|OPTIMIZE|REPAIR|IMPORT|DISCARD|REBUILD|COALESCE} PARTITION`

Reviewer: What is the differences between the `TRUNCATE ` and supported `TRUNCATE`

Author: Oh, `TRUNCATE` is supported, I will report that as a separate docs issue.

Author: https://github.com/pingcap/docs/issues/12311

* The `ALGORITHM={INSTANT,INPLACE,COPY}` syntax functions only as an assertion in TiDB, and does not modify the `ALTER` algorithm. See [`ALTER TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-table.md) for further details.
* Adding/Dropping the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type is unsupported. For more details about the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type, refer to [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md).
* Different types of indexes (`HASH|BTREE|RTREE|FULLTEXT`) are not supported, and will be parsed and ignored when specified.

> * Table Partitioning supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, `LIST`, and `KEY` partitioning types. Currently, the `KEY` partition type does not support partition statements with an empty partition column list. For an unsupported partition type, TiDB returns `Warning: Unsupported partition type %s, treat as normal table`, where `%s` is the specific unsupported partition type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* TiDB supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, `LIST`, and `KEY` partitioning types. Currently, the `KEY` partition type does not support partition statements with an empty partition column list. For an unsupported partition type, TiDB returns `Warning: Unsupported partition type %s, treat as normal table`, where `%s` is the specific unsupported partition type.
```

> * Table Partitioning also supports `ADD`, `DROP`, `TRUNCATE`, and `REORGANIZE` operations. Other partition operations are ignored. The following Table Partition syntaxes are not supported:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Partitioned tables support `ADD`, `DROP`, `TRUNCATE`, and `REORGANIZE` operations. Other partition operations are ignored. The following partitioning syntaxes are not supported:
```

* Adding/Dropping the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type is unsupported. For more details about the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type, refer to [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md).
* Different types of indexes (`HASH|BTREE|RTREE|FULLTEXT`) are not supported, and will be parsed and ignored when specified.
* Table Partitioning supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, `LIST`, and `KEY` partitioning types. Currently, the `KEY` partition type does not support partition statements with an empty partition column list. For an unsupported partition type, TiDB returns `Warning: Unsupported partition type %s, treat as normal table`, where `%s` is the specific partition type.

> * Table Partitioning also supports `ADD`, `DROP`, `TRUNCATE`, and `REORGANIZE` operations. Other partition operations are ignored. The following Table Partition syntaxes are not supported:

Reviewer 3: 分区表应该是 partitioned table 吧，而不是 Table Partition。partitioned-table.md 里用的都是 partitioned table。

Reviewer 2: partitioned table 是已经分区了的表，所以 Partitioned table supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, `LIST`, and `KEY` partitioning types 有些奇怪，改成了 TiDB supports 请看看是否可以
